Android: set `KeyEvent::text` if possible (#3839)
rust-windowing/winit: src/changelog/unreleased.md

- On Web, `Window::canvas()` now returns a reference.
- On Web, `CursorGrabMode::Locked` now lets `DeviceEvent::MouseMotion` return raw data, not OS
  accelerated, if the browser supports it.

> - On Android, when `keycode` can be represented as character, it is used as `KeyEvent::text`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Android, when `keycode` can be represented as character, it is provided in `KeyEvent::text`.
```

Or even:

```suggestion
- On Android, when `keycode` can be represented as character, its textual representation is provided in `KeyEvent::text`.
```

Should we also mention that it applies to logical and not physical keys, in case a mapping is active?

Author: I'm not that familiar with this stuff, so I need to count on you on this. :)

Reviewer: Me neither, which is why I expect the other maintainers to chime in and confirm that this is a sensible change to make.

It's always a bit scary when neither contributor nor reviewer have a definitive answer :)

Reviewer 2: That seems redundant with the `KeyEvent` documentation?
